out of face
Make a bet with me.
Within an hour
Your so-called great golden cavalry will surely be fully deserved
Hahaha, it's impossible.
You have no soldiers
You alone, maybe your inner circle.
Just these few people
How to deal with 100,000 golden cavalry
Report to Your Highness
3,000 special forces are well-armed
Assembled at the city gate
Now Yan Xiang should know that I have a back hand
Is the back hand 3,000 kilometers
No matter how powerful
How to fight the amazing 100,000 Iron Cavalry
I have to say that the summer is ignorant
There is a saying that all fears are good
It all stems from a lack of strength
It doesn't matter what firepower you have or not
Just your 3,000 troops
I can't play any tricks even if it's turned over
Think back to the year Great Xia million cavalry fought against the army
Isn't it also a rout?
It seems that Yan Xia is really good at raising the ambition of others
Take pride in eliminating stimuli
Since the summer looks down on it
Why don't you agree to a bet with me?
Within an hour
Relatives will all be ashamed
Good Qin Dan
Old things lose
But I don't blame it.
Since Yan Xiang doesn't believe it
Then we'll wait.
Anyway, today the one who calls the king is the loser